# Chris_J_Assignment1
 Assignment 1 
 5/30: Update to github after mini compupter crash yesterday so hoping the changes made before the hiccup will let me send to github
5/31: Made many changes this morning. mostly going back and forth until the right wording or whatever sticks. google, google, google....i do learn best by doing so stay positive through the frustration of learning. struggling with connecting html page to all the elements? on the css page. some work, some don't. was finally able to get flex to work this morning, at least the first row anyway.  thank goodness!
***i wonder if my fellow cohorts feel like they are getting much better at looking for answers in google***
5?31: Look at your notes from the meeting today, yeah, the one's you took before you fell asleep in class. I'm so embarressed. Saved in bootcamp_workspace>notes>doc.....when setting up the css files and the flexboxes be sure to set the parent container up first and the contents of the container are the children of the parent container. I believe this is why the code is working in the html file when setting properties on the html line but not working when I move the code to the css file. 
6/:13-14:worked overnight on the assignment 1 project. I'm working on it but not really going anywhere with it--kind of like running on a treadmill...you're running but not going anywhere.
6/17: made it home and printed off what I have so far. maybe i can see what the heck is NOT working. by the end of this session and class meeting-have some progress. understand flex grow,shrink, and basis a little better i think. flex: (grow-up to 100% or 1,2,3,4 etc..)(Shrink)(basis-width50px). flex: 1 0 50px;
6/18: made more progress this morning once we got to atlanta. The page is coming together finally. Just need to do the last section. Feel as though if I could work on it more today, tonight and tomorrow that I could turn this project in by Friday but work is calling. May get to do some more today if the loads are late going out. I have to wrap up now to go get the truck serviced. stopped at adding the headphone gif pic and began turning it into a flexbox. do i really need to do that??? I think so. I feel like the blind leading the blind but we are making slow progress and that is something amazing in itself if you ask me.
6/28-29: leg of run was cancelled so I was able to work diligently overnight tonight-finally: ( I was right on the 18th. If I could have had more time last week the assignment would have been turned in already.) I am about to turn in Assignment 1!! I'm so happy it finally came together and it mostly is making sense now. 